c:\users\ata.cetin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Oz_DevBlog\Oz_DevBlog.Data\bin\Debug\Oz_DevBlog.Data.dll.config
c:\users\ata.cetin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Oz_DevBlog\Oz_DevBlog.Data\bin\Debug\Oz_DevBlog.Data.dll
c:\users\ata.cetin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Oz_DevBlog\Oz_DevBlog.Data\bin\Debug\Oz_DevBlog.Data.pdb
c:\users\ata.cetin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Oz_DevBlog\Oz_DevBlog.Data\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\ata.cetin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Oz_DevBlog\Oz_DevBlog.Data\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\users\ata.cetin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Oz_DevBlog\Oz_DevBlog.Data\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.dll
c:\users\ata.cetin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Oz_DevBlog\Oz_DevBlog.Data\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\ata.cetin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Oz_DevBlog\Oz_DevBlog.Data\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.dll
c:\users\ata.cetin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Oz_DevBlog\Oz_DevBlog.Data\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.dll
c:\users\ata.cetin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Oz_DevBlog\Oz_DevBlog.Data\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.dll
c:\users\ata.cetin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Oz_DevBlog\Oz_DevBlog.Data\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.dll
c:\users\ata.cetin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Oz_DevBlog\Oz_DevBlog.Data\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Security.dll
c:\users\ata.cetin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Oz_DevBlog\Oz_DevBlog.Data\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.dll
c:\users\ata.cetin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Oz_DevBlog\Oz_DevBlog.Data\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\ata.cetin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Oz_DevBlog\Oz_DevBlog.Data\bin\Debug\Owin.dll
c:\users\ata.cetin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Oz_DevBlog\Oz_DevBlog.Data\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\ata.cetin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Oz_DevBlog\Oz_DevBlog.Data\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\users\ata.cetin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Oz_DevBlog\Oz_DevBlog.Data\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.xml
c:\users\ata.cetin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Oz_DevBlog\Oz_DevBlog.Data\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\ata.cetin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Oz_DevBlog\Oz_DevBlog.Data\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.xml
c:\users\ata.cetin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Oz_DevBlog\Oz_DevBlog.Data\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.xml
c:\users\ata.cetin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Oz_DevBlog\Oz_DevBlog.Data\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.xml
c:\users\ata.cetin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Oz_DevBlog\Oz_DevBlog.Data\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Security.xml
c:\users\ata.cetin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Oz_DevBlog\Oz_DevBlog.Data\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.xml
c:\users\ata.cetin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Oz_DevBlog\Oz_DevBlog.Data\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.xml
c:\users\ata.cetin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Oz_DevBlog\Oz_DevBlog.Data\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\ata.cetin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Oz_DevBlog\Oz_DevBlog.Data\obj\Debug\Oz_DevBlog.Data.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\ata.cetin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Oz_DevBlog\Oz_DevBlog.Data\obj\Debug\Oz_DevBlog.Data.dll
c:\users\ata.cetin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Oz_DevBlog\Oz_DevBlog.Data\obj\Debug\Oz_DevBlog.Data.pdb
D:\Prince\Desktop\Oz_DevBlog\Oz_DevBlog\Oz_DevBlog.Data\bin\Debug\Oz_DevBlog.Data.dll.config
D:\Prince\Desktop\Oz_DevBlog\Oz_DevBlog\Oz_DevBlog.Data\bin\Debug\Oz_DevBlog.Data.dll
D:\Prince\Desktop\Oz_DevBlog\Oz_DevBlog\Oz_DevBlog.Data\bin\Debug\Oz_DevBlog.Data.pdb
D:\Prince\Desktop\Oz_DevBlog\Oz_DevBlog\Oz_DevBlog.Data\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
D:\Prince\Desktop\Oz_DevBlog\Oz_DevBlog\Oz_DevBlog.Data\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
D:\Prince\Desktop\Oz_DevBlog\Oz_DevBlog\Oz_DevBlog.Data\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.dll
D:\Prince\Desktop\Oz_DevBlog\Oz_DevBlog\Oz_DevBlog.Data\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.dll
D:\Prince\Desktop\Oz_DevBlog\Oz_DevBlog\Oz_DevBlog.Data\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.dll
D:\Prince\Desktop\Oz_DevBlog\Oz_DevBlog\Oz_DevBlog.Data\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.dll
D:\Prince\Desktop\Oz_DevBlog\Oz_DevBlog\Oz_DevBlog.Data\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.dll
D:\Prince\Desktop\Oz_DevBlog\Oz_DevBlog\Oz_DevBlog.Data\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.dll
D:\Prince\Desktop\Oz_DevBlog\Oz_DevBlog\Oz_DevBlog.Data\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Security.dll
D:\Prince\Desktop\Oz_DevBlog\Oz_DevBlog\Oz_DevBlog.Data\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.dll
D:\Prince\Desktop\Oz_DevBlog\Oz_DevBlog\Oz_DevBlog.Data\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
D:\Prince\Desktop\Oz_DevBlog\Oz_DevBlog\Oz_DevBlog.Data\bin\Debug\Owin.dll
D:\Prince\Desktop\Oz_DevBlog\Oz_DevBlog\Oz_DevBlog.Data\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
D:\Prince\Desktop\Oz_DevBlog\Oz_DevBlog\Oz_DevBlog.Data\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
D:\Prince\Desktop\Oz_DevBlog\Oz_DevBlog\Oz_DevBlog.Data\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.xml
D:\Prince\Desktop\Oz_DevBlog\Oz_DevBlog\Oz_DevBlog.Data\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.xml
D:\Prince\Desktop\Oz_DevBlog\Oz_DevBlog\Oz_DevBlog.Data\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.xml
D:\Prince\Desktop\Oz_DevBlog\Oz_DevBlog\Oz_DevBlog.Data\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.xml
D:\Prince\Desktop\Oz_DevBlog\Oz_DevBlog\Oz_DevBlog.Data\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.xml
D:\Prince\Desktop\Oz_DevBlog\Oz_DevBlog\Oz_DevBlog.Data\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Security.xml
D:\Prince\Desktop\Oz_DevBlog\Oz_DevBlog\Oz_DevBlog.Data\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.xml
D:\Prince\Desktop\Oz_DevBlog\Oz_DevBlog\Oz_DevBlog.Data\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.xml
D:\Prince\Desktop\Oz_DevBlog\Oz_DevBlog\Oz_DevBlog.Data\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
D:\Prince\Desktop\Oz_DevBlog\Oz_DevBlog\Oz_DevBlog.Data\obj\Debug\Oz_DevBlog.Data.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
D:\Prince\Desktop\Oz_DevBlog\Oz_DevBlog\Oz_DevBlog.Data\obj\Debug\Oz_DevBlog.Data.dll
D:\Prince\Desktop\Oz_DevBlog\Oz_DevBlog\Oz_DevBlog.Data\obj\Debug\Oz_DevBlog.Data.pdb
D:\Prince\Desktop\Oz_DevBlog\Oz_DevBlog.Data\bin\Debug\Oz_DevBlog.Data.dll.config
D:\Prince\Desktop\Oz_DevBlog\Oz_DevBlog.Data\bin\Debug\Oz_DevBlog.Data.dll
D:\Prince\Desktop\Oz_DevBlog\Oz_DevBlog.Data\bin\Debug\Oz_DevBlog.Data.pdb
D:\Prince\Desktop\Oz_DevBlog\Oz_DevBlog.Data\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
D:\Prince\Desktop\Oz_DevBlog\Oz_DevBlog.Data\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
D:\Prince\Desktop\Oz_DevBlog\Oz_DevBlog.Data\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.dll
D:\Prince\Desktop\Oz_DevBlog\Oz_DevBlog.Data\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.dll
D:\Prince\Desktop\Oz_DevBlog\Oz_DevBlog.Data\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.dll
D:\Prince\Desktop\Oz_DevBlog\Oz_DevBlog.Data\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.dll
D:\Prince\Desktop\Oz_DevBlog\Oz_DevBlog.Data\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.dll
D:\Prince\Desktop\Oz_DevBlog\Oz_DevBlog.Data\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.dll
D:\Prince\Desktop\Oz_DevBlog\Oz_DevBlog.Data\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Security.dll
D:\Prince\Desktop\Oz_DevBlog\Oz_DevBlog.Data\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.dll
D:\Prince\Desktop\Oz_DevBlog\Oz_DevBlog.Data\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
D:\Prince\Desktop\Oz_DevBlog\Oz_DevBlog.Data\bin\Debug\Owin.dll
D:\Prince\Desktop\Oz_DevBlog\Oz_DevBlog.Data\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
D:\Prince\Desktop\Oz_DevBlog\Oz_DevBlog.Data\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
D:\Prince\Desktop\Oz_DevBlog\Oz_DevBlog.Data\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.xml
D:\Prince\Desktop\Oz_DevBlog\Oz_DevBlog.Data\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.xml
D:\Prince\Desktop\Oz_DevBlog\Oz_DevBlog.Data\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.xml
D:\Prince\Desktop\Oz_DevBlog\Oz_DevBlog.Data\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.xml
D:\Prince\Desktop\Oz_DevBlog\Oz_DevBlog.Data\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.xml
D:\Prince\Desktop\Oz_DevBlog\Oz_DevBlog.Data\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Security.xml
D:\Prince\Desktop\Oz_DevBlog\Oz_DevBlog.Data\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.xml
D:\Prince\Desktop\Oz_DevBlog\Oz_DevBlog.Data\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.xml
D:\Prince\Desktop\Oz_DevBlog\Oz_DevBlog.Data\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
D:\Prince\Desktop\Oz_DevBlog\Oz_DevBlog.Data\obj\Debug\Oz_DevBlog.Data.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
D:\Prince\Desktop\Oz_DevBlog\Oz_DevBlog.Data\obj\Debug\Oz_DevBlog.Data.dll
D:\Prince\Desktop\Oz_DevBlog\Oz_DevBlog.Data\obj\Debug\Oz_DevBlog.Data.pdb
