c:\users\ata.cetin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Oz_DevBlog\Oz_DevBlog.UI\bin\Oz_DevBlog.UI.dll.config
c:\users\ata.cetin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Oz_DevBlog\Oz_DevBlog.UI\bin\Oz_DevBlog.UI.dll
c:\users\ata.cetin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Oz_DevBlog\Oz_DevBlog.UI\bin\Oz_DevBlog.UI.pdb
c:\users\ata.cetin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Oz_DevBlog\Oz_DevBlog.UI\bin\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\ata.cetin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Oz_DevBlog\Oz_DevBlog.UI\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\users\ata.cetin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Oz_DevBlog\Oz_DevBlog.UI\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.dll
c:\users\ata.cetin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Oz_DevBlog\Oz_DevBlog.UI\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\ata.cetin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Oz_DevBlog\Oz_DevBlog.UI\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.dll
c:\users\ata.cetin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Oz_DevBlog\Oz_DevBlog.UI\bin\Microsoft.Owin.dll
c:\users\ata.cetin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Oz_DevBlog\Oz_DevBlog.UI\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.dll
c:\users\ata.cetin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Oz_DevBlog\Oz_DevBlog.UI\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.dll
c:\users\ata.cetin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Oz_DevBlog\Oz_DevBlog.UI\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.dll
c:\users\ata.cetin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Oz_DevBlog\Oz_DevBlog.UI\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.dll
c:\users\ata.cetin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Oz_DevBlog\Oz_DevBlog.UI\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\ata.cetin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Oz_DevBlog\Oz_DevBlog.UI\bin\Owin.dll
c:\users\ata.cetin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Oz_DevBlog\Oz_DevBlog.UI\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\ata.cetin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Oz_DevBlog\Oz_DevBlog.UI\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\ata.cetin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Oz_DevBlog\Oz_DevBlog.UI\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\ata.cetin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Oz_DevBlog\Oz_DevBlog.UI\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\ata.cetin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Oz_DevBlog\Oz_DevBlog.UI\bin\System.Web.Webpages.dll
c:\users\ata.cetin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Oz_DevBlog\Oz_DevBlog.UI\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Razor.dll
c:\users\ata.cetin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Oz_DevBlog\Oz_DevBlog.UI\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\ata.cetin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Oz_DevBlog\Oz_DevBlog.UI\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\users\ata.cetin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Oz_DevBlog\Oz_DevBlog.UI\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.xml
c:\users\ata.cetin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Oz_DevBlog\Oz_DevBlog.UI\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\ata.cetin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Oz_DevBlog\Oz_DevBlog.UI\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.xml
c:\users\ata.cetin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Oz_DevBlog\Oz_DevBlog.UI\bin\Microsoft.Owin.xml
c:\users\ata.cetin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Oz_DevBlog\Oz_DevBlog.UI\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.xml
c:\users\ata.cetin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Oz_DevBlog\Oz_DevBlog.UI\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.xml
c:\users\ata.cetin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Oz_DevBlog\Oz_DevBlog.UI\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.xml
c:\users\ata.cetin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Oz_DevBlog\Oz_DevBlog.UI\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.xml
c:\users\ata.cetin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Oz_DevBlog\Oz_DevBlog.UI\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\ata.cetin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Oz_DevBlog\Oz_DevBlog.UI\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\ata.cetin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Oz_DevBlog\Oz_DevBlog.UI\bin\System.Web.Webpages.xml
c:\users\ata.cetin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Oz_DevBlog\Oz_DevBlog.UI\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\ata.cetin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Oz_DevBlog\Oz_DevBlog.UI\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Razor.xml
c:\users\ata.cetin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Oz_DevBlog\Oz_DevBlog.UI\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\ata.cetin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Oz_DevBlog\Oz_DevBlog.UI\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\ata.cetin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Oz_DevBlog\Oz_DevBlog.UI\obj\Debug\Oz_DevBlog.UI.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\ata.cetin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Oz_DevBlog\Oz_DevBlog.UI\obj\Debug\Oz_DevBlog.UI.dll
c:\users\ata.cetin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Oz_DevBlog\Oz_DevBlog.UI\obj\Debug\Oz_DevBlog.UI.pdb
c:\users\ata.cetin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Oz_DevBlog\Oz_DevBlog.UI\bin\Oz_DevBlog.DAL.dll
c:\users\ata.cetin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Oz_DevBlog\Oz_DevBlog.UI\bin\Oz_DevBlog.Data.dll
c:\users\ata.cetin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Oz_DevBlog\Oz_DevBlog.UI\bin\Oz_DevBlog.DAL.pdb
c:\users\ata.cetin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Oz_DevBlog\Oz_DevBlog.UI\bin\Oz_DevBlog.Data.pdb
C:\Users\ata.cetin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Oz_DevBlog\Oz_DevBlog.UI\bin\PagedList.dll
C:\Users\ata.cetin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Oz_DevBlog\Oz_DevBlog.UI\bin\PagedList.Mvc.dll
C:\Users\ata.cetin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Oz_DevBlog\Oz_DevBlog.UI\bin\PagedList.xml
C:\Users\ata.cetin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Oz_DevBlog\Oz_DevBlog.UI\bin\PagedList.Mvc.xml
D:\Prince\Desktop\Oz_DevBlog\Oz_DevBlog.UI\bin\Oz_DevBlog.UI.dll.config
D:\Prince\Desktop\Oz_DevBlog\Oz_DevBlog.UI\bin\Oz_DevBlog.UI.dll
D:\Prince\Desktop\Oz_DevBlog\Oz_DevBlog.UI\bin\Oz_DevBlog.UI.pdb
D:\Prince\Desktop\Oz_DevBlog\Oz_DevBlog.UI\bin\EntityFramework.dll
D:\Prince\Desktop\Oz_DevBlog\Oz_DevBlog.UI\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
D:\Prince\Desktop\Oz_DevBlog\Oz_DevBlog.UI\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.dll
D:\Prince\Desktop\Oz_DevBlog\Oz_DevBlog.UI\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.dll
D:\Prince\Desktop\Oz_DevBlog\Oz_DevBlog.UI\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.dll
D:\Prince\Desktop\Oz_DevBlog\Oz_DevBlog.UI\bin\Microsoft.Owin.dll
D:\Prince\Desktop\Oz_DevBlog\Oz_DevBlog.UI\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.dll
D:\Prince\Desktop\Oz_DevBlog\Oz_DevBlog.UI\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.dll
D:\Prince\Desktop\Oz_DevBlog\Oz_DevBlog.UI\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.dll
D:\Prince\Desktop\Oz_DevBlog\Oz_DevBlog.UI\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.dll
D:\Prince\Desktop\Oz_DevBlog\Oz_DevBlog.UI\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
D:\Prince\Desktop\Oz_DevBlog\Oz_DevBlog.UI\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
D:\Prince\Desktop\Oz_DevBlog\Oz_DevBlog.UI\bin\Owin.dll
D:\Prince\Desktop\Oz_DevBlog\Oz_DevBlog.UI\bin\Oz_DevBlog.DAL.dll
D:\Prince\Desktop\Oz_DevBlog\Oz_DevBlog.UI\bin\Oz_DevBlog.Data.dll
D:\Prince\Desktop\Oz_DevBlog\Oz_DevBlog.UI\bin\PagedList.dll
D:\Prince\Desktop\Oz_DevBlog\Oz_DevBlog.UI\bin\PagedList.Mvc.dll
D:\Prince\Desktop\Oz_DevBlog\Oz_DevBlog.UI\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
D:\Prince\Desktop\Oz_DevBlog\Oz_DevBlog.UI\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
D:\Prince\Desktop\Oz_DevBlog\Oz_DevBlog.UI\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
D:\Prince\Desktop\Oz_DevBlog\Oz_DevBlog.UI\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Deployment.dll
D:\Prince\Desktop\Oz_DevBlog\Oz_DevBlog.UI\bin\System.Web.Webpages.dll
D:\Prince\Desktop\Oz_DevBlog\Oz_DevBlog.UI\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Razor.dll
D:\Prince\Desktop\Oz_DevBlog\Oz_DevBlog.UI\bin\Oz_DevBlog.DAL.pdb
D:\Prince\Desktop\Oz_DevBlog\Oz_DevBlog.UI\bin\Oz_DevBlog.Data.pdb
D:\Prince\Desktop\Oz_DevBlog\Oz_DevBlog.UI\bin\EntityFramework.xml
D:\Prince\Desktop\Oz_DevBlog\Oz_DevBlog.UI\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
D:\Prince\Desktop\Oz_DevBlog\Oz_DevBlog.UI\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.xml
D:\Prince\Desktop\Oz_DevBlog\Oz_DevBlog.UI\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.xml
D:\Prince\Desktop\Oz_DevBlog\Oz_DevBlog.UI\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.xml
D:\Prince\Desktop\Oz_DevBlog\Oz_DevBlog.UI\bin\Microsoft.Owin.xml
D:\Prince\Desktop\Oz_DevBlog\Oz_DevBlog.UI\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.xml
D:\Prince\Desktop\Oz_DevBlog\Oz_DevBlog.UI\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.xml
D:\Prince\Desktop\Oz_DevBlog\Oz_DevBlog.UI\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.xml
D:\Prince\Desktop\Oz_DevBlog\Oz_DevBlog.UI\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.xml
D:\Prince\Desktop\Oz_DevBlog\Oz_DevBlog.UI\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
D:\Prince\Desktop\Oz_DevBlog\Oz_DevBlog.UI\bin\PagedList.xml
D:\Prince\Desktop\Oz_DevBlog\Oz_DevBlog.UI\bin\PagedList.Mvc.xml
D:\Prince\Desktop\Oz_DevBlog\Oz_DevBlog.UI\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
D:\Prince\Desktop\Oz_DevBlog\Oz_DevBlog.UI\bin\System.Web.Webpages.xml
D:\Prince\Desktop\Oz_DevBlog\Oz_DevBlog.UI\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Deployment.xml
D:\Prince\Desktop\Oz_DevBlog\Oz_DevBlog.UI\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Razor.xml
D:\Prince\Desktop\Oz_DevBlog\Oz_DevBlog.UI\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
D:\Prince\Desktop\Oz_DevBlog\Oz_DevBlog.UI\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
D:\Prince\Desktop\Oz_DevBlog\Oz_DevBlog.UI\obj\Debug\Oz_DevBlog.UI.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
D:\Prince\Desktop\Oz_DevBlog\Oz_DevBlog.UI\obj\Debug\Oz_DevBlog.UI.dll
D:\Prince\Desktop\Oz_DevBlog\Oz_DevBlog.UI\obj\Debug\Oz_DevBlog.UI.pdb
C:\Users\Prince\Desktop\Oz_DevBlog\Oz_DevBlog.UI\bin\Oz_DevBlog.UI.dll.config
C:\Users\Prince\Desktop\Oz_DevBlog\Oz_DevBlog.UI\bin\Oz_DevBlog.UI.dll
C:\Users\Prince\Desktop\Oz_DevBlog\Oz_DevBlog.UI\bin\Oz_DevBlog.UI.pdb
C:\Users\Prince\Desktop\Oz_DevBlog\Oz_DevBlog.UI\bin\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\Prince\Desktop\Oz_DevBlog\Oz_DevBlog.UI\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
C:\Users\Prince\Desktop\Oz_DevBlog\Oz_DevBlog.UI\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.dll
C:\Users\Prince\Desktop\Oz_DevBlog\Oz_DevBlog.UI\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\Prince\Desktop\Oz_DevBlog\Oz_DevBlog.UI\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.dll
C:\Users\Prince\Desktop\Oz_DevBlog\Oz_DevBlog.UI\bin\Microsoft.Owin.dll
C:\Users\Prince\Desktop\Oz_DevBlog\Oz_DevBlog.UI\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.dll
C:\Users\Prince\Desktop\Oz_DevBlog\Oz_DevBlog.UI\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.dll
C:\Users\Prince\Desktop\Oz_DevBlog\Oz_DevBlog.UI\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.dll
C:\Users\Prince\Desktop\Oz_DevBlog\Oz_DevBlog.UI\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.dll
C:\Users\Prince\Desktop\Oz_DevBlog\Oz_DevBlog.UI\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
C:\Users\Prince\Desktop\Oz_DevBlog\Oz_DevBlog.UI\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\Prince\Desktop\Oz_DevBlog\Oz_DevBlog.UI\bin\Owin.dll
C:\Users\Prince\Desktop\Oz_DevBlog\Oz_DevBlog.UI\bin\Oz_DevBlog.DAL.dll
C:\Users\Prince\Desktop\Oz_DevBlog\Oz_DevBlog.UI\bin\Oz_DevBlog.Data.dll
C:\Users\Prince\Desktop\Oz_DevBlog\Oz_DevBlog.UI\bin\PagedList.dll
C:\Users\Prince\Desktop\Oz_DevBlog\Oz_DevBlog.UI\bin\PagedList.Mvc.dll
C:\Users\Prince\Desktop\Oz_DevBlog\Oz_DevBlog.UI\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
C:\Users\Prince\Desktop\Oz_DevBlog\Oz_DevBlog.UI\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
C:\Users\Prince\Desktop\Oz_DevBlog\Oz_DevBlog.UI\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
C:\Users\Prince\Desktop\Oz_DevBlog\Oz_DevBlog.UI\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Deployment.dll
C:\Users\Prince\Desktop\Oz_DevBlog\Oz_DevBlog.UI\bin\System.Web.Webpages.dll
C:\Users\Prince\Desktop\Oz_DevBlog\Oz_DevBlog.UI\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Razor.dll
C:\Users\Prince\Desktop\Oz_DevBlog\Oz_DevBlog.UI\bin\Oz_DevBlog.DAL.pdb
C:\Users\Prince\Desktop\Oz_DevBlog\Oz_DevBlog.UI\bin\Oz_DevBlog.Data.pdb
C:\Users\Prince\Desktop\Oz_DevBlog\Oz_DevBlog.UI\bin\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\Prince\Desktop\Oz_DevBlog\Oz_DevBlog.UI\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
C:\Users\Prince\Desktop\Oz_DevBlog\Oz_DevBlog.UI\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.xml
C:\Users\Prince\Desktop\Oz_DevBlog\Oz_DevBlog.UI\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\Prince\Desktop\Oz_DevBlog\Oz_DevBlog.UI\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.xml
C:\Users\Prince\Desktop\Oz_DevBlog\Oz_DevBlog.UI\bin\Microsoft.Owin.xml
C:\Users\Prince\Desktop\Oz_DevBlog\Oz_DevBlog.UI\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.xml
C:\Users\Prince\Desktop\Oz_DevBlog\Oz_DevBlog.UI\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.xml
C:\Users\Prince\Desktop\Oz_DevBlog\Oz_DevBlog.UI\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.xml
C:\Users\Prince\Desktop\Oz_DevBlog\Oz_DevBlog.UI\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.xml
C:\Users\Prince\Desktop\Oz_DevBlog\Oz_DevBlog.UI\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\Prince\Desktop\Oz_DevBlog\Oz_DevBlog.UI\bin\PagedList.xml
C:\Users\Prince\Desktop\Oz_DevBlog\Oz_DevBlog.UI\bin\PagedList.Mvc.xml
C:\Users\Prince\Desktop\Oz_DevBlog\Oz_DevBlog.UI\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
C:\Users\Prince\Desktop\Oz_DevBlog\Oz_DevBlog.UI\bin\System.Web.Webpages.xml
C:\Users\Prince\Desktop\Oz_DevBlog\Oz_DevBlog.UI\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Deployment.xml
C:\Users\Prince\Desktop\Oz_DevBlog\Oz_DevBlog.UI\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Razor.xml
C:\Users\Prince\Desktop\Oz_DevBlog\Oz_DevBlog.UI\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
C:\Users\Prince\Desktop\Oz_DevBlog\Oz_DevBlog.UI\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
C:\Users\Prince\Desktop\Oz_DevBlog\Oz_DevBlog.UI\obj\Debug\Oz_DevBlog.UI.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Prince\Desktop\Oz_DevBlog\Oz_DevBlog.UI\obj\Debug\Oz_DevBlog.UI.dll
C:\Users\Prince\Desktop\Oz_DevBlog\Oz_DevBlog.UI\obj\Debug\Oz_DevBlog.UI.pdb
D:\Prince\Desktop\Oz_DevBlog\Oz_DevBlog\Oz_DevBlog.UI\bin\Oz_DevBlog.UI.dll.config
D:\Prince\Desktop\Oz_DevBlog\Oz_DevBlog\Oz_DevBlog.UI\bin\Oz_DevBlog.UI.dll
D:\Prince\Desktop\Oz_DevBlog\Oz_DevBlog\Oz_DevBlog.UI\bin\Oz_DevBlog.UI.pdb
D:\Prince\Desktop\Oz_DevBlog\Oz_DevBlog\Oz_DevBlog.UI\bin\EntityFramework.dll
D:\Prince\Desktop\Oz_DevBlog\Oz_DevBlog\Oz_DevBlog.UI\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
D:\Prince\Desktop\Oz_DevBlog\Oz_DevBlog\Oz_DevBlog.UI\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.dll
D:\Prince\Desktop\Oz_DevBlog\Oz_DevBlog\Oz_DevBlog.UI\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.dll
D:\Prince\Desktop\Oz_DevBlog\Oz_DevBlog\Oz_DevBlog.UI\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.dll
D:\Prince\Desktop\Oz_DevBlog\Oz_DevBlog\Oz_DevBlog.UI\bin\Microsoft.Owin.dll
D:\Prince\Desktop\Oz_DevBlog\Oz_DevBlog\Oz_DevBlog.UI\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.dll
D:\Prince\Desktop\Oz_DevBlog\Oz_DevBlog\Oz_DevBlog.UI\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.dll
D:\Prince\Desktop\Oz_DevBlog\Oz_DevBlog\Oz_DevBlog.UI\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.dll
D:\Prince\Desktop\Oz_DevBlog\Oz_DevBlog\Oz_DevBlog.UI\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.dll
D:\Prince\Desktop\Oz_DevBlog\Oz_DevBlog\Oz_DevBlog.UI\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
D:\Prince\Desktop\Oz_DevBlog\Oz_DevBlog\Oz_DevBlog.UI\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
D:\Prince\Desktop\Oz_DevBlog\Oz_DevBlog\Oz_DevBlog.UI\bin\Owin.dll
D:\Prince\Desktop\Oz_DevBlog\Oz_DevBlog\Oz_DevBlog.UI\bin\Oz_DevBlog.DAL.dll
D:\Prince\Desktop\Oz_DevBlog\Oz_DevBlog\Oz_DevBlog.UI\bin\Oz_DevBlog.Data.dll
D:\Prince\Desktop\Oz_DevBlog\Oz_DevBlog\Oz_DevBlog.UI\bin\PagedList.dll
D:\Prince\Desktop\Oz_DevBlog\Oz_DevBlog\Oz_DevBlog.UI\bin\PagedList.Mvc.dll
D:\Prince\Desktop\Oz_DevBlog\Oz_DevBlog\Oz_DevBlog.UI\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
D:\Prince\Desktop\Oz_DevBlog\Oz_DevBlog\Oz_DevBlog.UI\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
D:\Prince\Desktop\Oz_DevBlog\Oz_DevBlog\Oz_DevBlog.UI\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
D:\Prince\Desktop\Oz_DevBlog\Oz_DevBlog\Oz_DevBlog.UI\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Deployment.dll
D:\Prince\Desktop\Oz_DevBlog\Oz_DevBlog\Oz_DevBlog.UI\bin\System.Web.Webpages.dll
D:\Prince\Desktop\Oz_DevBlog\Oz_DevBlog\Oz_DevBlog.UI\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Razor.dll
D:\Prince\Desktop\Oz_DevBlog\Oz_DevBlog\Oz_DevBlog.UI\bin\Oz_DevBlog.DAL.pdb
D:\Prince\Desktop\Oz_DevBlog\Oz_DevBlog\Oz_DevBlog.UI\bin\Oz_DevBlog.Data.pdb
D:\Prince\Desktop\Oz_DevBlog\Oz_DevBlog\Oz_DevBlog.UI\bin\EntityFramework.xml
D:\Prince\Desktop\Oz_DevBlog\Oz_DevBlog\Oz_DevBlog.UI\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
D:\Prince\Desktop\Oz_DevBlog\Oz_DevBlog\Oz_DevBlog.UI\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.xml
D:\Prince\Desktop\Oz_DevBlog\Oz_DevBlog\Oz_DevBlog.UI\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.xml
D:\Prince\Desktop\Oz_DevBlog\Oz_DevBlog\Oz_DevBlog.UI\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.xml
D:\Prince\Desktop\Oz_DevBlog\Oz_DevBlog\Oz_DevBlog.UI\bin\Microsoft.Owin.xml
D:\Prince\Desktop\Oz_DevBlog\Oz_DevBlog\Oz_DevBlog.UI\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.xml
D:\Prince\Desktop\Oz_DevBlog\Oz_DevBlog\Oz_DevBlog.UI\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.xml
D:\Prince\Desktop\Oz_DevBlog\Oz_DevBlog\Oz_DevBlog.UI\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.xml
D:\Prince\Desktop\Oz_DevBlog\Oz_DevBlog\Oz_DevBlog.UI\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.xml
D:\Prince\Desktop\Oz_DevBlog\Oz_DevBlog\Oz_DevBlog.UI\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
D:\Prince\Desktop\Oz_DevBlog\Oz_DevBlog\Oz_DevBlog.UI\bin\PagedList.xml
D:\Prince\Desktop\Oz_DevBlog\Oz_DevBlog\Oz_DevBlog.UI\bin\PagedList.Mvc.xml
D:\Prince\Desktop\Oz_DevBlog\Oz_DevBlog\Oz_DevBlog.UI\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
D:\Prince\Desktop\Oz_DevBlog\Oz_DevBlog\Oz_DevBlog.UI\bin\System.Web.Webpages.xml
D:\Prince\Desktop\Oz_DevBlog\Oz_DevBlog\Oz_DevBlog.UI\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Deployment.xml
D:\Prince\Desktop\Oz_DevBlog\Oz_DevBlog\Oz_DevBlog.UI\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Razor.xml
D:\Prince\Desktop\Oz_DevBlog\Oz_DevBlog\Oz_DevBlog.UI\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
D:\Prince\Desktop\Oz_DevBlog\Oz_DevBlog\Oz_DevBlog.UI\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
D:\Prince\Desktop\Oz_DevBlog\Oz_DevBlog\Oz_DevBlog.UI\obj\Debug\Oz_DevBlog.UI.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
D:\Prince\Desktop\Oz_DevBlog\Oz_DevBlog\Oz_DevBlog.UI\obj\Debug\Oz_DevBlog.UI.dll
D:\Prince\Desktop\Oz_DevBlog\Oz_DevBlog\Oz_DevBlog.UI\obj\Debug\Oz_DevBlog.UI.pdb
C:\Users\ata.cetin\Desktop\Oz_DevBlog\Oz_DevBlog\Oz_DevBlog.UI\bin\Oz_DevBlog.UI.dll.config
C:\Users\ata.cetin\Desktop\Oz_DevBlog\Oz_DevBlog\Oz_DevBlog.UI\bin\Oz_DevBlog.UI.dll
C:\Users\ata.cetin\Desktop\Oz_DevBlog\Oz_DevBlog\Oz_DevBlog.UI\bin\Oz_DevBlog.UI.pdb
C:\Users\ata.cetin\Desktop\Oz_DevBlog\Oz_DevBlog\Oz_DevBlog.UI\bin\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\ata.cetin\Desktop\Oz_DevBlog\Oz_DevBlog\Oz_DevBlog.UI\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
C:\Users\ata.cetin\Desktop\Oz_DevBlog\Oz_DevBlog\Oz_DevBlog.UI\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.dll
C:\Users\ata.cetin\Desktop\Oz_DevBlog\Oz_DevBlog\Oz_DevBlog.UI\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\ata.cetin\Desktop\Oz_DevBlog\Oz_DevBlog\Oz_DevBlog.UI\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.dll
C:\Users\ata.cetin\Desktop\Oz_DevBlog\Oz_DevBlog\Oz_DevBlog.UI\bin\Microsoft.Owin.dll
C:\Users\ata.cetin\Desktop\Oz_DevBlog\Oz_DevBlog\Oz_DevBlog.UI\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.dll
C:\Users\ata.cetin\Desktop\Oz_DevBlog\Oz_DevBlog\Oz_DevBlog.UI\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.dll
C:\Users\ata.cetin\Desktop\Oz_DevBlog\Oz_DevBlog\Oz_DevBlog.UI\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.dll
C:\Users\ata.cetin\Desktop\Oz_DevBlog\Oz_DevBlog\Oz_DevBlog.UI\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.dll
C:\Users\ata.cetin\Desktop\Oz_DevBlog\Oz_DevBlog\Oz_DevBlog.UI\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\ata.cetin\Desktop\Oz_DevBlog\Oz_DevBlog\Oz_DevBlog.UI\bin\Owin.dll
C:\Users\ata.cetin\Desktop\Oz_DevBlog\Oz_DevBlog\Oz_DevBlog.UI\bin\Oz_DevBlog.DAL.dll
C:\Users\ata.cetin\Desktop\Oz_DevBlog\Oz_DevBlog\Oz_DevBlog.UI\bin\Oz_DevBlog.Data.dll
C:\Users\ata.cetin\Desktop\Oz_DevBlog\Oz_DevBlog\Oz_DevBlog.UI\bin\PagedList.dll
C:\Users\ata.cetin\Desktop\Oz_DevBlog\Oz_DevBlog\Oz_DevBlog.UI\bin\PagedList.Mvc.dll
C:\Users\ata.cetin\Desktop\Oz_DevBlog\Oz_DevBlog\Oz_DevBlog.UI\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
C:\Users\ata.cetin\Desktop\Oz_DevBlog\Oz_DevBlog\Oz_DevBlog.UI\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
C:\Users\ata.cetin\Desktop\Oz_DevBlog\Oz_DevBlog\Oz_DevBlog.UI\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
C:\Users\ata.cetin\Desktop\Oz_DevBlog\Oz_DevBlog\Oz_DevBlog.UI\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
C:\Users\ata.cetin\Desktop\Oz_DevBlog\Oz_DevBlog\Oz_DevBlog.UI\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
C:\Users\ata.cetin\Desktop\Oz_DevBlog\Oz_DevBlog\Oz_DevBlog.UI\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
C:\Users\ata.cetin\Desktop\Oz_DevBlog\Oz_DevBlog\Oz_DevBlog.UI\bin\Oz_DevBlog.DAL.pdb
C:\Users\ata.cetin\Desktop\Oz_DevBlog\Oz_DevBlog\Oz_DevBlog.UI\bin\Oz_DevBlog.Data.pdb
C:\Users\ata.cetin\Desktop\Oz_DevBlog\Oz_DevBlog\Oz_DevBlog.UI\bin\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\ata.cetin\Desktop\Oz_DevBlog\Oz_DevBlog\Oz_DevBlog.UI\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
C:\Users\ata.cetin\Desktop\Oz_DevBlog\Oz_DevBlog\Oz_DevBlog.UI\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.xml
C:\Users\ata.cetin\Desktop\Oz_DevBlog\Oz_DevBlog\Oz_DevBlog.UI\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\ata.cetin\Desktop\Oz_DevBlog\Oz_DevBlog\Oz_DevBlog.UI\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.xml
C:\Users\ata.cetin\Desktop\Oz_DevBlog\Oz_DevBlog\Oz_DevBlog.UI\bin\Microsoft.Owin.xml
C:\Users\ata.cetin\Desktop\Oz_DevBlog\Oz_DevBlog\Oz_DevBlog.UI\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.xml
C:\Users\ata.cetin\Desktop\Oz_DevBlog\Oz_DevBlog\Oz_DevBlog.UI\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.xml
C:\Users\ata.cetin\Desktop\Oz_DevBlog\Oz_DevBlog\Oz_DevBlog.UI\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.xml
C:\Users\ata.cetin\Desktop\Oz_DevBlog\Oz_DevBlog\Oz_DevBlog.UI\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.xml
C:\Users\ata.cetin\Desktop\Oz_DevBlog\Oz_DevBlog\Oz_DevBlog.UI\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\ata.cetin\Desktop\Oz_DevBlog\Oz_DevBlog\Oz_DevBlog.UI\bin\PagedList.xml
C:\Users\ata.cetin\Desktop\Oz_DevBlog\Oz_DevBlog\Oz_DevBlog.UI\bin\PagedList.Mvc.xml
C:\Users\ata.cetin\Desktop\Oz_DevBlog\Oz_DevBlog\Oz_DevBlog.UI\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
C:\Users\ata.cetin\Desktop\Oz_DevBlog\Oz_DevBlog\Oz_DevBlog.UI\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
C:\Users\ata.cetin\Desktop\Oz_DevBlog\Oz_DevBlog\Oz_DevBlog.UI\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
C:\Users\ata.cetin\Desktop\Oz_DevBlog\Oz_DevBlog\Oz_DevBlog.UI\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
C:\Users\ata.cetin\Desktop\Oz_DevBlog\Oz_DevBlog\Oz_DevBlog.UI\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
C:\Users\ata.cetin\Desktop\Oz_DevBlog\Oz_DevBlog\Oz_DevBlog.UI\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
C:\Users\ata.cetin\Desktop\Oz_DevBlog\Oz_DevBlog\Oz_DevBlog.UI\obj\Debug\Oz_DevBlog.UI.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\ata.cetin\Desktop\Oz_DevBlog\Oz_DevBlog\Oz_DevBlog.UI\obj\Debug\Oz_DevBlog.UI.dll
C:\Users\ata.cetin\Desktop\Oz_DevBlog\Oz_DevBlog\Oz_DevBlog.UI\obj\Debug\Oz_DevBlog.UI.pdb
D:\Prince\Desktop\Oz_DevBlog\Oz_DevBlog.UI\bin\hbehr.recaptcha.dll
